feature/#465 added deprecation warning for pipeline (#470)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/manuals/core/config/scenario-config.md

    Note that we cannot use the word "_entity_owner" as a key in the properties as it has been reserved for internal use.

# From pipeline configs

!!! warning "Deprecation"

>     Note that `PipelineConfig^` has been deprecated and will be combined with `ScenarioConfig^` in future versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Note that `PipelineConfig^` has been deprecated in version 2.3 and will be combined with `ScenarioConfig^` in the following major version.
```
